Q.	How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
A.	Viewing a diff of two files did help analyze the changes made in the file.
	This could be helpful in finding issues faced, changes made in the file.
	Maintenance of these will help in finding diff, rollback, reviewing and faster bug analysis.
	
Q.	How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
A.	Having complete history of a file will help me find the changes made a particular moment.
	It could help find issues, resolve bugs, and push correct changes so that code works perfectly.
	
Q.	What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
A.	Manual commit can be troublesome, because commits will be made at irregular intervals, and lines committed might cause a problem in proper understanding of the code.
	Auto save feature provided by Google Drive helps save file at regular interval, though, amount of file versions saved is large, but commits will have a meaning.
	Even if they don't have meaning, one can build upon quickly.
	
Q.	Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A.	Allwong multiple file save help save changes tobe made during a feature push.
	It helps easier tracking of changes made for an objective which required changes to be made to multiple files.
	Same could not apply on files on Google Docs, as assumption is the files uploaded there are independent of each other.
	
Q.	How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A.	Using git log, I can find details of the commits made into the repository.
	Using git diff, I can view the changes made between two snapshots of the repository.
	
Q.	How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A.	Using versioncontrol will surely help me find bug based on the commit made.
	With the help of git log and git diff, it will be easier to trsck down changes made which introduced the bug and resolve it.
	
Q.	Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A.	Use Git for version control of my files easily.